README.md, before:

# Lab04-Classes-Objects

## About This Program
Tic-Tac-Toe

Author: Karina Chen

## Description
This is a C# console application called Tic-Tac-Toe, which is a turn-based program. The app can be played by two players. The players place O and X onto the board by typing in the position numbers on the board. This process ends when one of the player wins the game or when the board is filled with O and X.

## Getting Started
Clone this repository to your local machine.

$ git clone [https://github.com/karina6188/Lab04-Classes&Objects.git]

To run the program from Visual Studio:
Select File -> Open -> Project/Solution

Next navigate to the location you cloned the Repository.

Double click on the Lab04-Classes&Objects directory.

Then select and open lab04-classes-objects.

## To Run This Program
Open the program using Visual Studio and click "Start" button to run this program.

## Visuals

Application Start

![Alt execution capture]()

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture]()

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture]()

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture]()

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture]()

Application End

![Alt execution capture]()

## Change Log

1.1: Set up repo and starter code. - 2019 Oct 20

1.2: Add Player instances to Player class. - 2019 Oct 20

1.3: Add CreatePlayer method in program.cs to run the game. - 2019 Oct 20

1.4: Add codes to CheckForWinner method in Game class to determine the winning logic. - 2019 Oct 20

1.5: Add summary comments to methods. - 2019 Oct 20

1.6: Take players' names and set up default player numbers in case no names are entered. - 2019 Oct 25

1.7: The game board is now displayed every time a player selects a location to mark. - 2019 Oct 25

1.8:

Commit message:

debug and return winner result

README.md, after:

# Lab04-Classes-Objects

## About This Program
Tic-Tac-Toe

Author: Karina Chen

## Description
This is a C# console application called Tic-Tac-Toe, which is a turn-based program. The app can be played by two players. The players place O and X onto the board by typing in the position numbers on the board. This process ends when one of the player wins the game or when the board is filled with O and X.

## Getting Started
Clone this repository to your local machine.

$ git clone [https://github.com/karina6188/Lab04-Classes&Objects.git]

To run the program from Visual Studio:
Select File -> Open -> Project/Solution

Next navigate to the location you cloned the Repository.

Double click on the Lab04-Classes&Objects directory.

Then select and open lab04-classes-objects.

## To Run This Program
Open the program using Visual Studio and click "Start" button to run this program.

## Visuals

Application Start

![Alt execution capture](/captures/app_start.JPG)

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture](/captures/app_start2.JPG)

Using the Application

![Alt execution capture](/captures/app_execution1.JPG)

Application End

![Alt execution capture](/captures/app_execution1.JPG)

## Change Log

1.1: Set up repo and starter code. - 2019 Oct 20

1.2: Add Player instances to Player class. - 2019 Oct 20

1.3: Add CreatePlayer method in program.cs to run the game. - 2019 Oct 20

1.4: Add codes to CheckForWinner method in Game class to determine the winning logic. - 2019 Oct 20

1.5: Add summary comments to methods. - 2019 Oct 20

1.6: Take players' names and set up default player numbers in case no names are entered. - 2019 Oct 25

1.7: The game board is now displayed every time a player selects a location to mark. - 2019 Oct 25

1.8: Add codes to stop the game once a player wins or the board is all marked. - 2019 Oct 27

1.9: Determine the winner and display the result. - 2019 Oct 27

1.10: Add unit testing.
